optimizing the lifetime of the battery Condel
help
the battery is one of the most
important in notebook
depending on the model and how it is
used a battery can last two
12 hours so we gather tips
important to help you extend your
battery life and battery life.
components that consume the most energy
notebook to screen the higher the level
of the screen brightness will be the consumption
energy is the reason why the
Most notebook PCs are configured to
decrease screen brightness
automatically when the charger
disconnected
you can still change the settings
the screen brightness by pressing the
of appropriate function urns have
various power settings where
you can opt for the best performance and
less energy consumption or even a
announced profile to change the
power settings click
start and then on the
control
select the tab and sounds
click power options and select
the energy plan you want
use
you can also customize the plans for
energy of the world is to create an egg if
to find it necessary
the hard disk is in constant
to locate information
defragmenting the hard drive is a
great option to optimize the place where
the actors are saved as this will
facilitate the location of files
besides saving energy
to defragment the hard disk click
to start the computer with the
right-click and click Environments and
select properties and in tools
and click on defragment now
then selects your inventory as
it still to disable the conditions
valid in October when you are not
using network technologies without
wire that would consume a load
your battery and the pump
also the peripheral devices that
are not being used as per
example a pen drive and external hd not
leaves battery 100% charged in long
periods of inactivity
Ideally, you hold a load of
50 percent and remove the battery from the
notebook for more tips
access facebook.com bardahl brazil or
twitter her clothes help if you have
more questions about battery
feel free to leave your
comment or even suggest a subject
that you want to see for the next video
thank you